Xed is an interactive texteditor for X based on the Athena widgets.
The program should be self explaining see the manual page for further
informations.

The program has been tested with X 11 Release 5 and Release 6 on the
following platforms:

	Sun3, SunOs 4.0.3 (use Imakefile.sun3)
        Sun4, SunOs 4.0.3 + SunOs 4.1.1 + SunOS 5.3
        NeXT, Mach (Motorola, Intel)
	Linux 1.2
	DG/UX 4.32

It has been tested with the following windowmanagers:

	twm, fvwm, mwm, olwm

There are still some problems with scrolling performances on Sun3. Therefore
you should compile with -DSCROLLBREAK on this platform (see Imakefile). If
you do so the resource MaxScrollbreak has some effect on text scrolling and
after every linescrolling XFlush is called. Try to find the smallest value
for MaxScrollbreak which is still big enough to stop scrolling right after
releasing the cursor key.
Perhaps you also have to define one of the following Defines:

	-DUSEGETCWD     : Use "getcwd" instead of "getwd"
	-DNORENAME      : Use build in "rename" instead of unix "rename"
	-DUSEDIRENT     : Use "dirent" struct instead of "direct"

To comiple the program:

1. Edit Imakefile if necessary (see above)
2. Make a Makefile with imake (xmkmf)
3. Type "make"
4. If you are using an X Release older than X11R6 you have to install
   the application defaults XedoldX.ad instead of Xed.ad by typeing
        "make old"
5. Type "make install"
6. Type "make install.man"

 


	Randolf Werner
	(evol@infko.uni-koblenz.de)

--------

On April 6 1999, Ulric snarfed this code to become part of Siag Office.
Intended as a small baseline text editor, it is available for all text
editing needs, but can be configured away for those who prefer something
more advanced.

My changes:

 - Use the Rudegrid widget for all layout
 - Use the Frame widget to get that beveled look
 - App-default tweaking to make it look like other Siag cousins
 - Replaced file selector
 - General bugfixing, added missing headers et al
 - Name changed to xedplus to avoid bogus app-defaults
 - Employ ad2c to compile app-defaults into executable
 - Switch from imake to autoconf

And more to come. See TODO for a list.
